Yesterday is a history, Tomorrow is a mystery, but today is the gift. That is why it is called present. - Master Oogway (Kung Fu Panda)
One often meets his destiny on the road he takes to avoid it. - Master Oogway (Kung Fu Panda)
If you only do what you can do, you will never be more than you are now. - Master Shifu (Kung Fu Panda 3)
Just because someone stumbles, loses their way, it doesn't mean they are lost forever. - Charles Xavier (X-Men)
No matter whatever happens, just have a little hope. - Charles Xavier (X-Men)
No matter whatever happens, just have a little faith. - Michael Scofield (Prison Break)
It is the people who no one imagines of, who do the things that no one can imagine. - Alan Turing (Imitation Game)
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live. - Prof. Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Stone)
It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to your enemies, but a great deal more to stand up to your friends. - Prof. Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Stone)
It is not our abilities that show what we truly are, It is our choices. - Prof. Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter And The Chamber Of Secrets)
Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if only one remembers to turn on the light. - Prof. Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter And The Prisoner Of Azkaban)
Understanding is the first step to acceptance, and only with acceptance can there be recovery. - Prof. Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter And The Goblet Of Fire)
Numbing the pain for a while will make it worse when you finally feel it. - Prof. Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter And The Goblet Of Fire)
We are only as strong as we are united, as weak as we are divided. - Prof. Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter And The Goblet Of Fire)
What's coming will come, and we will meet it when it does. - Rubeus Hagrid (Harry Potter And The Goblet Of Fire)
Wit beyond measure is man's greatest treasure. - Luna Lovegood (Harry Potter And The Order Of Phoenix)
Do it today or later you’ll pay. - Homework Planner, gifted by Hermione Granger (Harry Potter And The Order Of Phoenix)
Fight, and fight again, and keep fighting, for only then could evil be kept at bay, though never quite eradicated. - Prof. Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter And The Half-Blood Prince)
A true master of death does not seek to run away from Death. He accepts that he must die, and understands that there are far, far worse things in the living world than dying. - Prof. Albus Dumbledore (Harry Potter And The Deathly Hallows)
It's not who we are but what we do that defines us. - Rachel Dawes (Batman Begins)
It's not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me. - Batman/Bruce Wayne (Batman Begins)
Do you know why people like violence? It is because it feels... good. Humans find violence deeply satisfying. But remove the satisfaction, and the act becomes hollow. - Alan Turing (Imitation Game)
