INTRODUCTION
As the name suggests, this is a Simple, Very Useful, Handy, Mobile App to write down your expenditures. Besides, it has lot of ADDED FEATURES like Bank Accounts, Amount In Wallet, Statistics, Reading Messages from Banks, Exporting Data and so on which are explained below
Bank Accounts
After Installing the App, you will be prompted to enter the amount in your balance, where you can also add your Bank Accounts. To save a Bank Account, you need to add three things: Bank Name, Bank Balance And Bank Sms Name. The first two are straight forward as the name itself describes them. The third one, i.e. Bank Sms Name requires some description. As said earlier, this App has the ability to read the Messages from your Banks, like the ones you get when you withdraw some amount from your account (if you have enabled SMS BANKING). To achieve that, you need to provide the Name from which your bank sends the messages. For e.g., The State Bank Group sends messages from something like DX-ATMSBI. So, you can enter SBI in this field, so that the App learns to read those messages. To take another example, let us take Union Bank Of India. It sends messages from DM-UnionB, LM-UnionB, VM-UnionB. You need not enter all these names, instead you can enter, Union which is present in all these names. So the App reads those messages. In case, you feel uncomfortable with this, you can always turn off these settings in the 'Settings' Menu. After installing the App, you can always Edit them by going to 'Edit Banks'.
Expenditure Types
The next screen that appears is the one which prompts you to enter Five Different Types of Expenditures you make. For e.g., if you are a student, you can keep them as 'Studies', 'Food', 'Travels', 'Entertainment', 'Others'. I suggest you keep one field as 'Others' because, you can never say that 'I make only these many types of Expenditures'. There will always be an exception. As earlier, you can always edit this in the 'Edit Expenditure Types Menu'.
Summary
After you press on Finish, the App will make all the necessary Initializations and will present you with a Summary Screen, which is the Home Screen Of the App. Here, you can see all your Bank Accounts and their Balances, amount in your wallet, the amount spent by you, the income you have got and so on, for your quick reference.
Details
To view the details, you can go to the 'View Details' Menu, where you can see all your transactions. This menu has four image buttons at the bottom. 'Wallet Credit', 'Wallet Debit', 'Bank Credit', 'Bank Debit'. I hope you can understand their functions with their names. In Bank Credit and Debit, there is an additional option as 'Account Transfer', in case you transfer money directly from your account. While adding an Expenditure, there is a drop down list, which has the five different types of Expenditures entered by you in the beginning. Please take a moment to select the right type of expenditure, so that you can see the statistics properly at the end.
Statistics
This is one more very useful added feature in this App. You can see how much you have invested/spent on different expenditure types in this Menu. It has two parts, 'Current Month Statistics' and 'Overall Statistics'. As the names suggest, 'Current Month Statistics' displays the statistics of the current month. Once, you export the data to your SD Card, (which is explained next), these Counters will be cleared, where as the 'Overall Statistics' Counter keeps on growing.
Export Data To SD Card
This is one more Attractive Feature, which makes this App, the Best among the available. You can not only add your expenditures, but you can also get a hard copy of them at the month-end. After the end of a month, just go to 'Export Data'. A Dialog Box appears, where you can change the name of the file where you want your data to be saved. You can also choose, whether to or not to erase the data. It is better to erase the data, so that you can start afresh with the new month. You need not worry about the old data, since it is already saved in a file in the SD Card. You can find your exported document in the directory "Internal SD Card/Chaturvedi/Expenditure List/File Name.doc".