What is "Others" Expenditure Type?
"Others" is a Default Expenditure Type. It is used by the App for its Internal Purposes. Whenever you make an expenditure, if it does not belong to any of the Expenditure Types you have set, you can add the Expenditure in this Type. Since you can never define all types of Expenditures you will make, its advised to have this Field. Later sometime, if you delete an Expenditure Type, all Expenditures associated with that Expenditure Type will be transferred to "Others" Expenditure Type. So, editing this field may interfere with the App and you may find Unexpected behaviour of App. If you don't know what you are doing, Please DON'T Edit this Expenditure Type. Contact the Developer for more details 
What is Wallet Balance?
In real world, if you want to buy something say fruits, you have to give money the vendor right? Where will you give this money from? Your wallet right? Similarly, before adding expenses in Finance Manager, you need to have money in your wallet. This is denoted as Wallet Balance
Why should I give details of my Bank Accounts?
Sometimes, you pay using your debit/credit cards. If you want to record them in your Finance Manager, you have to give minimal details of your Bank Account such as Bank Name and Bank Balance. Account number is optional. It is required to differentiate between two accounts of same bank if you have one. As a additional feature, if you set up your bank accounts in Finance Manager, whenever you get a message from bank related to credit/debit, Finance Manager will add it automatically reducing your burden to read and enter in Finance Manager. But no information will be transferred to cloud or anywhere else. But you have to protect your mobile from others, if you don't want them to see your personal information
What are expenditure types?
Your expenses can be classified into various groups like Shopping, Food, Travels, Entertainment, Mobile,etc. While adding an expense in Finance Manager, you can set its expenditure type to any of predefined ones, so that you can view statistics of your expenses which also helps you to reduce unnecessary expenses. For eg, if you buy some fruits, you can put them under Food. If you go for a movie, you can put it under entertainment. So, after a month, you can see how much you spent on Shopping, Food, Entertainment, etc. If you are unnecessarily spending too much on Shopping, you can come to know and you can reduce it.