He who fears your presence, will hate your absence.
Knowledge is, knowing Tomato is a Fruit. Wisdom is, not putting it in a Fruit-Salad.
Success is like a shadow. Don't try to catch it, You'll never succeed. Walk in your own way, it'll follow You. Remember that, you should walk towards the light. 
Aspire to Inspire Before you Expire.
Achievement is when your signature becomes your Autograph.
Birthday is the only day when you're crying and your mother is laughing  -Abdul Kalam
Beautiful Life is just an Imagination, Real Life is much more Beautiful than Imagination. Live it and Love it
Don't dream about beauty, it spoils your duty. Dream about your duty, it makes your life a beauty
Dreams are essentially required for success in life. Not the dreams which make you sleep, but the dreams which don't let you sleep.
Silence and Smile are two powerful tools. Smile solves many Problems, Silence avoids many Problems
Raindrops never know where they fall, but they create coolness wherever they fall. Be like a Raindrop- By creating Happiness wherever you are
If an Egg is broken by Outside Force, its life ends. If it is broken by Inside Force, Life Begins.
Everyone has Best Friend in Every part of Life, but only the Lucky ones have the Same Best Friend in Every part of Life
Talents will take you to Higher Position. But, only the Good Character helps you to Maintain it.
Failure is not the First Step of Success, but Correction of Failure is the First Step of Success.
Why do we need a close friend when we have so many friends? Because there are many Gases in Air, but we still need Oxygen
If you think positively, Sound becomes Music, Movement becomes Dance, Smile becomes Laughter, Mind becomes Meditation and Life becomes Celebration
You have all the Rights to Praise your Parents, but you don't have any Rights to Scold them
Convince yourself that You're the Best, rather than spending the whole of Your Life Convincing the Same to Others
Relationships are like Electric Currents: Wrong Connections will give Shocks throughout the Life, but the Right ones Light-Up the Life
Always be Good to Everyone, but never Run Around to Prove It
Hard Work is like steps, Luck is like Lift. Lift may fail, but Hard Work will always get you to the top
When God pushes you to the Edge of a Mountain, He'll either Catch your Hand or He'll Teach you How to Fly
Win a Heart that never Breaks, Give a Smile that never Hurts, Keep a Touch that never Pains, Make lovely Friendships that never Ends
Every Problem is like a big door. Surely, there is a small key which can open it Easily. The goal is to find that Key. Life will be simple
Leave Everything for Parents, but don't leave Parents for anything. Because, Life will leave something for you, but Parents have left their Life for you
When you believe a Person completely without any doubt, You'll get one of the two: A Person for Life Or A Lesson for Life.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. -Swami Sivananda
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds that you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone. -Ronald Reagan
I hated every minute of training, but I said, Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion. -Muhammad Ali
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us. -Joseph Campbell
Only the mediocre are always at their best. -Jean Giraudoux
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. -Plutarch
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before. -Mae West
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. -John F. Kennedy
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late. -Henny Youngman
By all means let's be open-minded, but not so open-minded that our brains drop out. -Richard Dawkins
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper. -Jerry Seinfeld
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves. -William Arthur Ward
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. -Milton Berle
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. -George Burns
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner. -Tallulah Bankhead
The only journey is the one within. -Rainer Maria Rilke
I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends. -Walt Whitman
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. -Tony Robins
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous. -Amelia Barr
The most important thing is to enjoy your life, to be happy. It's all that matters. -Audrey Hepburn
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed. -Eminem
The true secret of happiness lies in taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life. -William Morris
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. -Bruce Lee
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. -George Bernard Shaw
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. -Albert Einstein
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -Thomas A. Edison
If you can dream it, you can do it. -Walt Disney
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -Albert Einstein
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. -Ayn Rand
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less. -Marie Curie
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. -Muhammad Ali
One finds limits by pushing them. -Herbert Simon
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. -Babe Ruth
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. -William James
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. -Anton Chekhov
I’m a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. -Thomas Jefferson
Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see. -Arthur Schopenhauer
If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. -Maya Angelou
Do one thing every day that scares you. -Eleanor Roosevelt
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C. S. Lewis
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
Take risks: if you win, you will be happy; if you lose, you will be wise.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed. -Robert H. Schuller
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door. -Kyle Chandler
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. -Henry Ford
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you. -Aldous Huxley
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you. -John Wooden
Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful. - Harvey Mackay
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. -Socrates
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -Nelson Mandela
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
You must do the things you think you cannot do. -Eleanor Roosevelt
There is no passion to be found playing small, in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. -Nelson Mandela
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve. -Lao Tzu
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -Thomas A. Edison
It is wise to persuade people to do things and make them think it was their own idea. -Nelson Mandela
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. -Michael Jordan
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. -Mahatma Gandhi
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started. -Henry Ward Beecher
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. -Michael Jordan
All of us, at certain moments of our lives, need to take advice and to receive help from other people. -Alexis Carrel
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts. -Sylvester Stallone
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life, and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do. -Georgia O'Keeffe
Ideas shape the course of history. -John Maynard Keynes
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. -Mahatma Gandhi
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. -George S. Patton
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. - Lao Tzu
The difficulty lies not so much in developing new ideas as in escaping from old ones. -John Maynard Keynes
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you. -Lao Tzu
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. -Mahatma Gandhi\n(Forgive only those who are eligible for it. Otherwise, Forgiveness may become your weakness!!!)
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. -Lao Tzu
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. -Michael Jordan
An entrepreneur tends to bite off a little more than he can chew hoping he’ll quickly learn how to chew it. -Roy Ash
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. -Mahatma Gandhi
We may stumble and fall but shall rise again; it should be enough if we did not run away from the battle. -Mahatma Gandhi
Opportunities don't happen, you create them. -Chris Grosser
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. -Zig Ziglar
The biggest risk is not taking any risk. The only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks. -Mark Zuckerberg
Leaders don’t force people to follow, they invite them on a journey. -Charles S. Lauer
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. -John Q. Adams
If you obey all the rules, you'll miss all the fun. -Katherine Hepburn
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it.
The strongest people aren't always the people who win, but the people who don't give up when they lose.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Behold the turtle, he makes progress only when he sticks his neck out. -Bruce Levin
Don’t worry about failure; you only have to be right once. -Drew Houston
The only thing worse than starting something and failing… is not starting something. -Seth Godin
You will either do it, or keep finding excuses. -Steve Jobs
Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others. -Socrates
Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy. -Mike Ditka
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
Don't go through life, grow through life. -Eric Butterworth
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure... it just means you haven't succeeded yet. -Robert Schuller
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. -Robert Brault
Deal with the world the way it is, not the way you wish it was. -John Chambers
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion. -Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it. -Luke Parker
Friends are like Lips: If you say Study, Read, Write, Learn Lips will never meet. But if you say Party, Picnic, Bunk, Play, they will automatically meet
The only person you should try to be better than is the person you were yesterday.
Always Love your Mother. Because, you will not get another!
Hope for the best and prepare for the worst!
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. - Steve Jobs
The quality of your thinking determines the quality of your life. - A.R. Bernard
Age is no guarantee of maturity. - Lawana Blackwell
The answer lies within ourselves. If we can't find peace and happiness there, it's not going to come from the outside. - Tenzin Palmo
Go after your dream, no matter how unattainable others think it is. - Linda Mastandrea
You have to dream before your dreams can come true. - A P J Abdul Kalam
By being yourself you put something wonderful in the world that was not there before. - Edwin Elliot
You cannot believe in God until you believe in yourself. - Swami Vivekanand
Take responsibility for yourself.., because no one's going to take responsibility for you. - Tyra Banks
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do. - Mother Teresa
Simplicity is not a simple thing. - Charles Chaplin
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
Sometimes it is not enough to do our best; we must do what is required. - Winston Churchill
To succeed in your mission, you must have single-minded devotion to your goal. - A P J Abdul Kalam
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one. - Elbert Hubbard
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. - Rabindranath Tagore
If you don't go after what you want, you will never have it. - Steve Jobs
A ship is safest at the harbor, but that is not where it is supposed to be. - Narayana Murthy
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. - Scott Hamilton
Excellence is a continuous process and not an accident. - A P J Abdul Kalam
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless. - Mother Teresa
I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people. - Mahatma Gandhi
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it. - Bill Cosby
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. - Mahatma Gandhi
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde
I think original voices get noticed. But most importantly I think you should have a story to tell. - Chetan Bhagat
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. - Mary Pickford
Education is the manifestation of perfection already in a man. - Swami Vivekanand
You live longer once you realize that any time spent being unhappy is wasted. - Ruth E. Renkl
Once we decide we have to do something, we can go miles ahead. - Narendra Modi
To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If you're not, pretend you are. - Muhammad Ali
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become. - Gautam Buddha
Success is not counted by how high you have climbed but by how many people you brought with you. - Wil Rose
Valuable advice can sometimes come from an unexpected source, and chance events can sometimes open new doors. - Narayana Murthy 
A happy person is not a person in a certain set of circumstances, but rather a person with a certain set of attitudes. - Hugh Downs
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions. - Dalai Lama
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. - Golda Meir
Don't let something that doesn't matter cause you to lose something that does. - Steve Jobs
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble. - Shahrukh Khan
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars. - Oscar Wilde
Leadership is hard to define and good leadership even harder. But if you can get people to follow you to the ends of the earth, you are a great leader. - Indira Nooyi
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
I have never tried to compare myself to anyone else. - Sachin Tendulkar
Don't wait. The time will never be just right. - Napoleon Hill
Anything I've done that was ultimately worthwhile initially scared me to death. - Betty Bender
Mind is never a problem. Mindset is. - Narender Modi
It's important to learn to laugh at ourselves, don't take life too seriously. - Geri Halliwell
It's important to give it all you have while you have the chance. - Shania Twain
What we really are matters more than what other people think of us. - Jawahar Lal Nehru
Every saint has a past. Every sinner has a future. - Warren Buffet
You must learn to be still in the midst of activity and to be vibrantly alive in repose. - Indira Gandhi
Practice isn’t the thing you do once you’re good. It’s the thing you do that makes you good. - Malcolm Gladwell
Perform your obligatory duty, because action is indeed better than inaction. - Bhagavad Geeta
A man is great by deed, not by birth. - Chanakya
Hard work never brings fatigue. It brings satisfaction - Narender Modi
Nothing worthwhile comes easily. �Work, continuous work, and hard work, is the only way to accomplish results that last. - Steve Jobs
Dreams are fuel of life, bigger the dreams, bigger is the life. - Nadeem Kazi
It is not joy that makes us grateful. It is gratitude that makes us joyful. - David Steindl-Rast
Health is the greatest gift, Contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. - Gautama Buddha
If your happiness depends on what somebody else does, I guess you do have a problem. - Richard Bach
Failure comes only when we forget our ideals and objectives and principles. - Jawaharlal Nehru
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
Winning doesn't come cheaply, you have to pay a big prize. - Jeev Milkha Singh
Continuous effort -- not strength or intelligence -- is the key to unlocking our potential. - Liane Cardes
If you don't build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs. - Dhirubhai Ambani
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn. - Miguel de Cervantes
The dreams I chased took me on a journey, a journey more rewarding than the goals - Shah Rukh Khan
We cannot become what we need to be by remaining what we are. - Max De Pree
When you look at the stars and the galaxy, you feel that you are not just from any particular piece of land, but from the solar system. - Kalpana Chawla
What would life be if we had no courage to attempt anything. - Vincent Van Gogh
The moment you recognize what is beautiful in this world, you stop being a slave. - Aravind Adiga
Happiness is in the heart, not in the circumstances. - Anonymous
Ignorance is always afraid of change. - Jawaharlal Nehru
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble. - Frank Tyger
You renew yourself every day. Sometimes you're successful, sometimes you're not, but it's the average that counts. - Satya Nadella
In order to excel, you must be completely dedicated. - Willie Mays
Have a vision. It is the ability to see the invisible. If you can see the invisible, you can achieve the impossible. - Shiv Khera
It does not matter how many times you get knocked down, but how many times you get up. - Vince Lombardi
An ounce of practice is worth more than tons of preaching. - Mahatma Gandhi
Most people never run far enough on their first wind to find out they've got a second. - William James
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.  - Mahatma Gandhi
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose. - William M. Bulger
The person who talks most of his own virtue is often the least virtuous. - Jawaharlal Nehru
One important key to success is self-confidence. An important key to self-confidence is preparation. - Arthur Ashe
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. - Maya Angelou
One of the secrets of life is that all that is really worth the doing is what we do for others. - Levi Strauss
Success isn't something that just happens - success is learned, success is practiced and then it is shared. - Sparky Anderson
Behind me is infinite power, before me is endless possibility, around me is boundless opportunity. - Anonymous
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it. - Henry Ford
If you're not making mistakes, then you're not doing anything. - John Wooden
They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself. - Andy Warhol
Competitors take bad breaks and use them to drive themselves. Quitters take bad breaks & use them as reasons to give up. - Nancy Lopez
Better three hours too soon than a minute too late. - William Shakespeare
Don't count the days, make the days count. - Muhammad Ali
It requires less character to discover the faults of others, than to tolerate them. - J. Petit Senn
You can never do a kindness to soon because you never know how soon it will be too late. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
You cannot push anyone up the ladder unless he is willing to climb. - Andrew Carnegie
When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot & hang on. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. - Harry S. Truman
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. - Henry David Thoreau
It's never too late - never too late to start over, never too late to be happy. - Jane Fonda
Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced. - Lucille Ball
When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible. - Nido Qubein
You can't let praise or criticism get to you. It's a weakness to get caught up in either one. - John Wooden
Worry often gives a small thing a great shadow. - Swedish Proverb
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious. - Albert Einstein
I've learned that something constructive comes from every defeat. - Tom Landry
Be the type of person you want to meet. - Anonymous
If you can see the positive sides of everything, you'll be able to live a much richer life than others. - Celestine Chua
Persistence can change failure into extraordinary achievement. - Mark Levy
My destiny accepts my will. Not the other way round. - Kalpana Chawla