He who fears your presence, will hate your absence.
Knowledge is, knowing Tomato is a Fruit. Wisdom is, not putting it in a Fruit-Salad.
Success is like a shadow. Don't try to catch it, You'll never succeed. Walk in your own way, it'll follow You. Remember that, you should walk towards the light. 
Aspire to Inspire Before you Expire.
Achievement is when your signature becomes your Autograph.
Birthday is the only day when you're crying and your mother is laughing  -Abdul Kalam
Beautiful Life is just an Imagination, Real Life is much more Beautiful than Imagination. Live it and Love it
Don't dream about beauty, it spoils your duty. Dream about your duty, it makes your life a beauty
Dreams are essentially required for success in life. Not the dreams which make you sleep, but the dreams which don't let you sleep.
Silence and Smile are two powerful tools. Smile solves many Problems, Silence avoids many Problems
Raindrops never know where they fall, but they create coolness wherever they fall. Be like a Raindrop- By creating Happiness wherever you are
If an Egg is broken by Outside Force, its life ends. If it is broken by Inside Force, Life Begins.
Everyone has Best Friend in Every part of Life, but only the Lucky ones have the Same Best Friend in Every part of Life
Talents will take you to Higher Position. But, only the Good Character helps you to Maintain it.
Failure is not the First Step of Success, but Correction of Failure is the First Step of Success.
Why do we need a close friend when we have so many friends? Because there are many Gases in Air, but we still need Oxygen
If you think positively, Sound becomes Music, Movement becomes Dance, Smile becomes Laughter, Mind becomes Meditation and Life becomes Celebration
You have all the Rights to Praise your Parents, but you don't have any Rights to Scold them
Convince yourself that You're the Best, rather than spending the whole of Your Life Convincing the Same to Others
Relationships are like Electric Currents: Wrong Connections will give Shocks throughout the Life, but the Right ones Light-Up the Life
Always be Good to Everyone, but never Run Around to Prove It
Hard Work is like steps, Luck is like Lift. Lift may fail, but Hard Work will always get you to the top
When God pushes you to the Edge of a Mountain, He'll either Catch your Hand or He'll Teach you How to Fly
Win a Heart that never Breaks, Give a Smile that never Hurts, Keep a Touch that never Pains, Make lovely Friendships that never Ends
Every Problem is like a big door. Surely, there is a small key which can open it Easily. The goal is to find that Key. Life will be simple
Leave Everything for Parents, but don't leave Parents for anything. Because, Life will leave something for you, but Parents have left their Life for you
When you believe a Person completely without any doubt, You'll get one of the two: A Person for Life Or A Lesson for Life.
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. -Swami Sivananda
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds that you plant. -Robert Louis Stevenson
We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone. -Ronald Reagan
I hated every minute of training, but I said, Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion. -Muhammad Ali
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us. -Joseph Campbell
Only the mediocre are always at their best. -Jean Giraudoux
What we achieve inwardly will change outer reality. -Plutarch
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before. -Mae West
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. -John F. Kennedy
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late. -Henny Youngman
By all means let's be open-minded, but not so open-minded that our brains drop out. -Richard Dawkins
It's amazing that the amount of news that happens in the world every day always just exactly fits the newspaper. -Jerry Seinfeld
When we seek to discover the best in others, we somehow bring out the best in ourselves. -William Arthur Ward
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. -Milton Berle
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. -George Burns
If I had to live my life again, I'd make the same mistakes, only sooner. -Tallulah Bankhead
The only journey is the one within. -Rainer Maria Rilke
I no doubt deserved my enemies, but I don't believe I deserved my friends. -Walt Whitman
It is in your moments of decision that your destiny is shaped. -Tony Robins
It is always the simple that produces the marvelous. -Amelia Barr
The most important thing is to enjoy your life, to be happy. It's all that matters. -Audrey Hepburn
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed. -Eminem
The true secret of happiness lies in taking a genuine interest in all the details of daily life. -William Morris
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. -Bruce Lee
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing. -George Bernard Shaw
Only a life lived for others is a life worthwhile. -Albert Einstein
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. -Thomas A. Edison
If you can dream it, you can do it. -Walt Disney
You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else. -Albert Einstein
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. -Ayn Rand
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less. -Marie Curie
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. -Muhammad Ali
One finds limits by pushing them. -Herbert Simon
You just can't beat the person who never gives up. -Babe Ruth
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. -William James
You can't build a reputation on what you are going to do. -Henry Ford
Any idiot can face a crisis - it's day to day living that wears you out. -Anton Chekhov
I’m a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it. -Thomas Jefferson
Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see. -Arthur Schopenhauer
If you don’t like something, change it. If you can’t change it, change your attitude. -Maya Angelou
Do one thing every day that scares you. -Eleanor Roosevelt
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -C. S. Lewis
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. -Winston Churchill
Take risks: if you win, you will be happy; if you lose, you will be wise.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
I'd rather attempt to do something great and fail than to attempt to do nothing and succeed. -Robert H. Schuller
Opportunity does not knock, it presents itself when you beat down the door. -Kyle Chandler
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. -Henry Ford
Experience is not what happens to you; it's what you do with what happens to you. -Aldous Huxley
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you. -John Wooden
Talent is God-given; be humble. Fame is man-given; be thankful. Conceit is self-given; be careful. - Harvey Mackay
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. -Socrates
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. -Nelson Mandela
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
You must do the things you think you cannot do. -Eleanor Roosevelt
There is no passion to be found playing small, in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living. -Nelson Mandela
If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve. -Lao Tzu
If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -Thomas A. Edison
It is wise to persuade people to do things and make them think it was their own idea. -Nelson Mandela
I've failed over and over and over again in my life and that is why I succeed. -Michael Jordan
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. -Mahatma Gandhi
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started. -Henry Ward Beecher
You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them. -Michael Jordan
All of us, at certain moments of our lives, need to take advice and to receive help from other people. -Alexis Carrel
I believe there's an inner power that makes winners or losers. And the winners are the ones who really listen to the truth of their hearts. -Sylvester Stallone
I've been absolutely terrified every moment of my life, and I've never let it keep me from doing a single thing I wanted to do. -Georgia O'Keeffe
Ideas shape the course of history. -John Maynard Keynes
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. -Mahatma Gandhi
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity. -George S. Patton
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. - Lao Tzu
The difficulty lies not so much in developing new ideas as in escaping from old ones. -John Maynard Keynes
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you. -Lao Tzu
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. -Mahatma Gandhi\n(Forgive only those who are eligible for it. Otherwise, Forgiveness may become your weakness!!!)
Mastering others is strength. Mastering yourself is true power. -Lao Tzu
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen. -Michael Jordan
An entrepreneur tends to bite off a little more than he can chew hoping he’ll quickly learn how to chew it. -Roy Ash
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. -Mahatma Gandhi
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. -Mahatma Gandhi
We may stumble and fall but shall rise again; it should be enough if we did not run away from the battle. -Mahatma Gandhi
Opportunities don't happen, you create them. -Chris Grosser
You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great. -Zig Ziglar
The biggest risk is not taking any risk. The only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks. -Mark Zuckerberg
Leaders don’t force people to follow, they invite them on a journey. -Charles S. Lauer
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. -John Q. Adams
If you obey all the rules, you'll miss all the fun. -Katherine Hepburn
The person who says it cannot be done should not interrupt the person who is doing it.
The strongest people aren't always the people who win, but the people who don't give up when they lose.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Behold the turtle, he makes progress only when he sticks his neck out. -Bruce Levin
Don’t worry about failure; you only have to be right once. -Drew Houston
The only thing worse than starting something and failing… is not starting something. -Seth Godin
You will either do it, or keep finding excuses. -Steve Jobs
Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others. -Socrates
Before you can win, you have to believe you are worthy. -Mike Ditka
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a man's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
The richest man is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
Don't go through life, grow through life. -Eric Butterworth
Failure doesn't mean you are a failure... it just means you haven't succeeded yet. -Robert Schuller
Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things. -Robert Brault
Deal with the world the way it is, not the way you wish it was. -John Chambers
Nothing great in the world has ever been accomplished without passion. -Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel
If you do not enjoy what you are doing, you will never be good at it. -Luke Parker